c:\users\monitor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFLab\WPFLab\bin\Debug\WPFLab.exe.config
c:\users\monitor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFLab\WPFLab\bin\Debug\WPFLab.exe
c:\users\monitor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFLab\WPFLab\bin\Debug\WPFLab.pdb
c:\users\monitor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFLab\WPFLab\obj\Debug\WPFLab.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\monitor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFLab\WPFLab\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\monitor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFLab\WPFLab\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\monitor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFLab\WPFLab\obj\Debug\WPFLab_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\monitor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFLab\WPFLab\obj\Debug\WPFLab_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\monitor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFLab\WPFLab\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\monitor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFLab\WPFLab\obj\Debug\WPFLab.g.resources
c:\users\monitor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFLab\WPFLab\obj\Debug\WPFLab.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\monitor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFLab\WPFLab\obj\Debug\WPFLab.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\monitor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFLab\WPFLab\obj\Debug\WPFLab.exe
c:\users\monitor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFLab\WPFLab\obj\Debug\WPFLab.pdb
c:\users\monitor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFLab\WPFLab\obj\Debug\Window1.g.cs
c:\users\monitor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFLab\WPFLab\obj\Debug\Window1.baml
C:\Users\monitor\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WPFLab\WPFLab\obj\Debug\Window2.g.cs
C:\Users\monitor\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WPFLab\WPFLab\obj\Debug\Window2.baml
C:\Users\monitor\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WPFLab\WPFLab\obj\Debug\Window3.g.cs
C:\Users\monitor\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WPFLab\WPFLab\obj\Debug\Window3.baml
C:\Users\ASUS\Dropbox\UNIVERSIDAD\7 SEMESTRE\MÓVILES\WPFLab\WPFLab\bin\Debug\WPFLab.exe.config
C:\Users\ASUS\Dropbox\UNIVERSIDAD\7 SEMESTRE\MÓVILES\WPFLab\WPFLab\obj\Debug\WPFLab.exe
C:\Users\ASUS\Dropbox\UNIVERSIDAD\7 SEMESTRE\MÓVILES\WPFLab\WPFLab\obj\Debug\WPFLab.pdb
C:\Users\ASUS\Dropbox\UNIVERSIDAD\7 SEMESTRE\MÓVILES\WPFLab\WPFLab\obj\Debug\WPFLab.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\ASUS\Dropbox\UNIVERSIDAD\7 SEMESTRE\MÓVILES\WPFLab\WPFLab\obj\Debug\Window3.g.cs
C:\Users\ASUS\Dropbox\UNIVERSIDAD\7 SEMESTRE\MÓVILES\WPFLab\WPFLab\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\ASUS\Dropbox\UNIVERSIDAD\7 SEMESTRE\MÓVILES\WPFLab\WPFLab\obj\Debug\WPFLab_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\ASUS\Dropbox\UNIVERSIDAD\7 SEMESTRE\MÓVILES\WPFLab\WPFLab\obj\Debug\WPFLab_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\ASUS\Dropbox\UNIVERSIDAD\7 SEMESTRE\MÓVILES\WPFLab\WPFLab\bin\Debug\WPFLab.exe
C:\Users\ASUS\Dropbox\UNIVERSIDAD\7 SEMESTRE\MÓVILES\WPFLab\WPFLab\bin\Debug\WPFLab.pdb
C:\Users\ASUS\Dropbox\UNIVERSIDAD\7 SEMESTRE\MÓVILES\WPFLab\WPFLab\obj\Debug\Window3.baml
C:\Users\ASUS\Dropbox\UNIVERSIDAD\7 SEMESTRE\MÓVILES\WPFLab\WPFLab\obj\Debug\WPFLab.g.resources
C:\Users\ASUS\Dropbox\UNIVERSIDAD\7 SEMESTRE\MÓVILES\WPFLab\WPFLab\obj\Debug\WPFLab.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\ASUS\Dropbox\UNIVERSIDAD\7 SEMESTRE\MÓVILES\WPFLab\WPFLab\obj\Debug\WPFLab.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
